lightning: add new configuration for incremental restore (#7393)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# medium, this value might need to be adjusted for optimal performance.
io-concurrency = 5

# In parallel import mode, the schema name that stores the meta information for each TiDB Lightning instance in the target cluster. By default, the value is "lightning_metadata".

> # Do not configure this parameter if parallel import is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Need not configure this parameter if parallel import is not enabled.
```

# **Note:**

> # - The value set for this parameter must be the same for each TiDB Lightning instance that participates in the same parallel import; otherwise, the correctness of the imported data can not be ensured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# - The value set for this parameter must be the same for each TiDB Lightning instance that participates in the same parallel import; otherwise, the correctness of the imported data cannot be ensured.
```

# - If parallel import mode is enabled, make sure that the user used for import (for the tidb.user configuration) has permissions to create and access the databases corresponding to this configuration.

> # - TiDB Lightning removes this schema after the import is complete. So do not use any existing schema name to configure this parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# - TiDB Lightning removes this schema after the import is completed. So do not use any existing schema name to configure this parameter.
```

# keep-after-success = false

[tikv-importer]
# "local": The default mode. It applies to large dataset import, for example, greater than 1 TiB. However, during the import, downstream TiDB is not available to provide services.

> # "tidb": You can use this mode for small dataset import. During the import, downstream TiDB is available to provide services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# "tidb": You can use this mode for small dataset import, for example, smaller than 1 TiB. During the import, downstream TiDB is available to provide services.
```
